Registration Fees
Click here for Registration Pass Access
Technical Program - Includes Exhibitor Booth Access
Fee includes admission to all Tech Program conference sessions, exhibition, Monday night gala, Thursday night event and one copy of the SC14 proceedings.
	Technical Program	$900.00
 
 
Exhibit Personnel Registration - Does Not Include Technical Program
	Exhibitor Booth Personnel - Over Allotment	$100.00
 
Tutorial Passport Registration
PLEASE NOTE: Tutorial Passport is NOT included with Technical Program Registration.
Fee includes admission to any of the tutorials offered on the selected day for a One-Day Passport or both days for a Two-Day Passport (select option on next page). The fee also includes a set of tutorial notes; lunch & breaks for each day selected and access to the Exhibit floor on Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday during trade show hours.
	None
	One Day Passport - Sunday, November 16, 2014	$750.00
	One Day Passport - Monday, November 17, 2014	$750.00
	Two Day (Sunday and Monday) Passport	$1,150.00
 
 
Workshops Add-On
Workshops are NOT included with the Technical Program registration. If you would like access to both the workshops and the Technical Program, please select the Workshops Add-On below. With the Workshops Add-On, you will also have access to the Broader Engagement and Educator Programs.
	None
	Workshops - Sunday, Monday & Friday	$100.00
	Individual Workshop Day(s)
 
Workshops Only
Fee includes access to the workshops ONLY on Sunday, Monday and Friday as well as the Broader Engagement Program. Single day purchases of Workshops Only are not allowed.
	Workshops Only	$200.00
 
Student Scholarship Donation
The SC14 HPC Interconnections program broadens the reach of HPC and provides a welcoming entry to attendees who may be new to the community or the conference. To help make the programs available to more students, HPC Interconnections is asking SC14 attendees and exhibitors for tax-deductible donations. These donations will help support student attendees in Broader Engagement, Mentors & Proteges, and student programs, including Student Volunteers, the Student Job Fair, Experiencing HPC for Undergraduates and the Student Cluster Competition. Donations are tax deductible and non-refundable.
	Yes, I would like to make a donation to the Student Scholarship Donation	$ .00